if I was a college student I would
either do this method or I would get a
hooded dryer I've never had a steamer my
OSU's the hooded dryer I think that that
is a more economical decision because
you could do so much with the hooded
dryer you know if you want to a wet set
if you need your hair to dry in a
quicker amount of time you know the
hooded Trier you can get more for your
your money but if you if you find that
suits are okay and you know ok have the
hooded dryer and the steamer really miss
my hooded dryer a lot of you all know
that I'm a traveling therapist so I move
a lot so it's really cumbersome to have
a hooded dryer I wish I could you know
if I had a permanent residence I
definitely would invest in
the beautiful steamer
at hat hat
you
when I was in beauty school and I kind
of just learned it from experimenting
and then you know when I graduated and I
was doing clients hair
I noticed a significant difference when
he was applied when conditioning and the
amount of time that the conditioner is
on your hair is also key and when I saw
that difference from that time on I have
always conditioned my hair with heat and
I always make sure it's on my head for
25 to 30 minutes
my staple products is the LeClair hot
oil treatment I have been used in
essence since I was relaxed because when
you apply the hot oil treatment to your
hair and heats up on the contact of
water so therefore you know I was
getting my heat when my hair was being
deep conditioned so I really believe
that that is why I have never had a
problem with my hair either when my hair
was relaxed yeah part of it is because I
do have my license to do hair so I knew
how to properly relax my hair I knew
what strength to get that's a different
story because a lot of you are probably
some of you probably have fine hair but
maybe you had for Bo 4c curls and so you
felt like you needed to get a super
which was crazy but anyway but anyway I
prefer heat so that's all I wanted to to
share with you guys and hopefully give
you all an economical way of getting
sustain so your conditioners can really
penetrate into the hair shaft and you'll
have stronger and healthier hair alright
adios